Wishlist dropin (#347)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/wishlist/containers/wishlist-item.mdx

---
title: WishlistItem container
description: Learn about the WishlistItem container.
---

import Diagram from '@components/Diagram.astro';
import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';

> The WishlistItem container manages and displays a single product of a wishlist, allowing users to interact with it, such as moving the product to the cart or navigating to the product details page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `WishlistItem` container manages and displays a single product from a wishlist. It allows users to interact with the product, such as moving it to the cart or navigating to the product details page.
```

> In case of complex products with no variant selected in a wishlist, the move to cart button is disabled, and the user is prompted to select a variant first by navigating to the product details page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In the case of complex products with no variant selected in a wishlist, the move to cart button is disabled, and the user is prompted to select a variant first by navigating to the product details page.
```

> Its behavior is driven by configuration options such as routeEmptyWishlistCTA, routeEmptyWishlistCTA and routing via routeProdDetailPage callbacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its behavior is driven by configuration options such as `routeEmptyWishlistCTA`, `routeEmptyWishlistCTA` and routing via `routeProdDetailPage` callbacks.
```
